Sr. Software Engineer I Tech Lead
Zinnia
$98k - $110k estimated
Remote

WHO WE ARE: Zinnia is the leading technology platform for accelerating life and annuities growth. With innovative enterprise solutions and data insights, Zinnia simplifies the experience of buying, selling, and administering insurance products. All of which enables more people to protect their financial futures. Our success is driven by a commitment to three core values: be bold, team up, deliver value – and that we do. Zinnia has over $180 billion in assets under administration, serves 100+ carrier clients, 2500 distributors and partners, and over 2 million policyholders.WHO YOU ARE: Sr. Software Engineer I play a key role in the design, development/configuration, unit testing, installation, and ongoing maintenance of Zinnia’s software platforms. Zinnia Software Engineers work with stakeholders to develop solutions and/or products that fulfill the needs of Zinnia internal stakeholders and clients. Those solutions and/or products help Zinnia and Zinnia clients to be more efficient and provide better service to end customers. Software Engineers interact directly with project leaders, business stakeholders, and may periodically interact directly with Zinnia clients. WHAT YOU’LL DO:

Work as part of a team to create a reusable, predictable, and discoverable design and development framework allowing rapid, consistent, and maintainable frontend UI development Facilitate and execute on product’s vision for a modern, frictionless, scalable, persona-driven experiences, which collectively result in the best end-to-end Life & Annuities solution in the industry today Contribute to projects by creating well-designed, customized, testable, efficient code for company platforms Assist our teams in providing ongoing support, troubleshooting, and improvements to company platforms Act as a subject matter expert for junior team members Assist or lead in defining the requirements for custom built software projects.

 WHAT YOU’LL NEED:

 Minimum of 8 years of software development Extensive experience developing in Reactjs and Typescript Experience with Nextjs or similar web frameworks Experience with headless component libraries such as Radix-UI or Amplify-UI Experience with CSS and CSS frameworks like TailwindCss and Stitches Experience with tools such as Chromatic, Browserstack, Puppeteer, and React-testing-library Experience wtih CI/CD and test automation Must have a solid understanding of web accessibility Understanding of cross-browser support and single page application concepts Demonstrated strategic thinking skills Highly effective communication, interpersonal, and critical thinking skills. Excellent troubleshooting skills

 WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? At Zinnia, you collaborate with smart, creative professionals who are dedicated to delivering cutting-edge technologies, deeper data insights, and enhanced services to transform how insurance is done. Visit our website at www.zinnia.com for more information. Apply by completing the online application on the careers section of our website. We are an Equal Opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.
